optimize: fix timeout configurations (#900)
seata/seata.github.io: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/user/configurations.md

| server.raft.server-addr                    | The Raft cluster list is as follows: 192.168.0.111:9091, 192.168.0.112:9091, 192.168.0.113:9091                                                                                       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | New in 2.0.0 version                                                |

> | server.raft.snapshot-interval              | How often to take a memory snapshot? The state machine is paused every time a snapshot is taken, but this can improve recovery speed when stopping                                    | 默认 600 秒                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | New in 2.0.0 version                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| server.raft.snapshot-interval              | How often to take a memory snapshot? The state machine is paused every time a snapshot is taken, but this can improve recovery speed when stopping                                    | Default 600 seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | New in 2.0.0 version                                                |
```
